readme.md, before:

README file for Front End Development Final Project

Live Site Hosted Here: https://cjstull.github.io/wisconsinCheeseStore

This site is a prototype for a Wisconsin Cheese Lover's Shop. The site has a list of different cheese, and their cost per pound.
I've tried to add some humor by including things like CheezWiz to the shop. I've designed the website mobile first, and have add a navigation menu, a gallery of cheeses with descriptions about the cheese as well as the price. I've also created a page where users can click a button to find out what "cheese" they are. I've added the probability to the page to show the more "rare" cheeses.


The Project is built mobile first:

There are base styles in the CSS code that apply to all screens (starting with mobile first). 

The Media Queries then adjust the layout of the navigation and footer menu at 700 and 992px on the index page.
The header displays as block as the default, then display flex and flex-direction: column once the viewport hits 700px, and then flex-direction: row and justify content: space-between at 992px and larger.

I've also added a media query to the contact.html page that switches the form layout as the user expands the window.

Project is uploaded to Github Repo and has at least 5 commits

The CSS Feature(s) that this project uses are as follows:
1) "A navigation menu that expands and collapses properly at desktop and mobile sizes by switching between vertical and horizontal." 
    i) The nav menu on mobile uses flex-direction: Column
    ii) The nav menu at the higher media queries - specifically 992px use Flex-direction: Row  

2) "Use Flexbox to organize content areas based on mobile or desktop views". Flexbox was used on cheese inventory on the index.html page. Default Mobile site is in column form, as the window is expanded it switches to flexbox:row

The JavaScript Feature(s) that his project uses are as follows:
On the Which Cheese Are You? page the following features were used:
"Create a JavaScript function that performs some form of mathematical operation and display thre result on your Page"
"Create and populate a JavaScript Array with one or more values and display the contents on your page"

1) Math.Random() to help calculate a random number between 0 and 9
2) An array to reflect the probability of the items, and code which calls the position of the array and displays the contents of that array based on the index.
3) onclick button event that uses document.querySelector to pass the result of the getRandomCheese() function into the HTML

Other features include:
    1) The footer links have code to open the links in new pages


Thank you

Christopher Stull
cjstull94@gmail.com

Commit message:

added some more notes in the readme that explain the code

readme.md, after:

README file for Front End Development Final Project

Live Site Hosted Here: https://cjstull.github.io/wisconsinCheeseStore

This site is a prototype for a Wisconsin Cheese Lover's Shop. The site has a list of different cheese, and their cost per pound.
I've tried to add some humor by including things like CheezWiz to the shop. I've designed the website mobile first, and have add a navigation menu, a gallery of cheeses with descriptions about the cheese as well as the price. I've also created a page where users can click a button to find out what "cheese" they are. I've added the probability to the page to show the more "rare" cheeses.


The Project is built mobile first:

There are base styles in the CSS code that apply to all screens (starting with mobile first). 

The Media Queries then adjust the layout of the navigation and footer menu at 700 and 992px on the index page.
The header displays as block as the default, then display flex and flex-direction: column once the viewport hits 700px, and then flex-direction: row and justify content: space-between at 992px and larger.

I've also added a media query to the contact.html page that switches the form layout as the user expands the window.

Project is uploaded to Github Repo and has at least 5 commits

The CSS Feature(s) that this project uses are as follows:
1) "A navigation menu that expands and collapses properly at desktop and mobile sizes by switching between vertical and horizontal." 
    i) The nav menu on mobile uses flex-direction: Column
    ii) The nav menu at the higher media queries - specifically 992px use Flex-direction: Row  

2) "Use Flexbox to organize content areas based on mobile or desktop views". Flexbox was used on cheese inventory on the index.html page. Default Mobile site is in column form, as the window is expanded it switches to flexbox:row

The JavaScript Feature(s) that his project uses are as follows:
On the Which Cheese Are You? page the following features were used:
"Create a JavaScript function that performs some form of mathematical operation and display thre result on your Page"
"Create and populate a JavaScript Array with one or more values and display the contents on your page"

1) Math.Random() to help calculate a random number between 0 and 9
2) An array to reflect the probability of the items, and code which calls the position of the array and displays the contents of that array based on the index.
3) onclick button event that uses document.querySelector to pass the result of the getRandomCheese() function into the HTML

"Create a form (such as a "contact us" form, validate at least 1 input, then use that information somehow")
1) I created a contact us form that checks that name is not blank, email is in the correct format, and comments section is not blank.
2) If any of these fail, display a message to the user at the bottom of the form - I used inline CSS on the html doc to format that message.

Other features include:
    1) The footer links have code to open the links in new pages to not take user off the site
    2) About me page - Nothing special just wanted to add it for fun
    3) Cheese Quiz Page - I plan on expanding on this project down the road and adding a cheeseQuiz that tracks score so I can practice more js.


Thank you for reviewing my project.

Christopher Stull
cjstull94@gmail.com
